# Code137.PowerGui

New library created based on KlusterG.AutoGui but updated. Developed to facilitate the use of native Windows components, such as defining the cursor position, sending keyboard shortcuts or simulating keyboard typing.

# Requirements
* .NET Core v7.0

# How To Import?

## NuGet
* Access the NuGet package manager in your project
* Click Search
* Search for Code137.PowerGui
* Install the latest version of the library

## Command Line
* Access the Package Manager Console
* Type the command ```Install-Package Code137.PowerGui -Version 1.0.0```

## .NET CLI
* Type the command ```dotnet add package Code137.PowerGui --version 1.0.0```

## Git Clone
* Click on Code and download in .zip (can be done in other ways, I'm saying the simplest).
* Extract the content somewhere where you can locate it later (it can be placed together with the project you want to use, even within the solution itself).
* Access the Code137.PowerGui project and compile it.
* After compiled, you will have the .dll inside the bin.Debug.net7.0 folder. Once that's done, open the project you want to import the library.
* In your project, you will have the Dependencies component, click with the right mouse button and go to "Add Project Reference...".
* Click on Browse and locate the .dll file that was generated by the library, select it and click on add, after that, click on OK and your project will already have the library loaded.

# Components and Functions

* MouseClick(MKeys key)

  Comment: Simulation of clicking this mouse

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* MouseDoubleClick(MKeys key)

  Comment: Simulation of dobule clicking this mouse

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* MousePress(MKeys key)

  Comment: Simulation of pressing mouse click

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* MouseRelease(MKeys key)

  Comment: Release mouse key pressed

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* MouseReleaseKeys()

  Comment: Release all mouse keys

  Return: void

#

* SetCursorPosition(Position position)

  Comment: Move mouse cursor to X and Y positions

  Return: void

#

* GetCursorPosition()

  Comment: Get mouse position

  Return: Mouse

#

* Write(string text)

  Comment: Simulates keyboard typing

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* KeyboardClick(KKeys key)

  Comment: Simulates a single keyboard click

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* KeyboardPress(KKeys key)

  Comment: Press a keyboard key

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* KeyboardRelease(KKeys key)

  Comment: Release the pressed key on the keyboard

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* KeyboardReleaseKeys()

  Comment: Release the pressed key from the keyboard

  Return: void

#

* GetKeyPress()

  Comment: Get the key that was pressed

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* ReleaseAllKeys()

  Comment: Release all keys (keyboard and mouse)

  Return: void

#

* Sleep(double time)

  Comment: Makes the whole process wait for the parameter time
  
  Return: void

#

* Message(string title, string content)

  Comment: Send message on screen this user

  Return: Tuple<bool, string>

#

* GetMousePixelColor()

  Comment: Get the color of the pixel that was indicated from mouse cursor

  PixelColor

#

* GetPixelColor(Position position)

  Comment: Get the color of the pixel that was indicated

  PixelColor

#
